## Reflection
Fortunately, with this project we had a design document that we were following so a lot of the creative work was layed out for us. Colors, background, <div> styling could be observed from the design document. On the technical side, some things changed as we were developing the project. For one, all icons and game information were moved to being pulled from APIs instead of just hard loading them. This allowed for a lot more options to be present in each of the frames. It did lead to some issues though, as we ran out of API calls a couple of times and we had to make burner emails to help us with our development. As far as components and React go, we switched from using state the change the components that were on screen, to wouter, a react router. The router made it much easier to manipulate the page that is present once we got over the initial hump of learning how to properly use it. Tailwind CSS was another thing that used for this project as (which I don't like all that much). This was used for generic styling of boxes, buttons, text, etc. Mostly for the simple things that will be kept relatively the same. The reason that I don't like tailwind that much is because it takes away some of the control that I have over the styling, which I really like to fine tune things.
As far as out goals go, we actually got though most of them. The goal was to build the flow for buying a game: going from the home page through a payment successful screen. We built all of these frames and linked accordingly using buttons and the react router. We did not attempt the stretch goal of the library page, mostly due to time and other contraints.
One of the hardest things in this project was mostly communicating in a way that everyone knew exactly what it was they had to do. There was also some struggle around someone adding a new technical thing but wouldn't explain it terribly well, which made it hard to implement. We did eventially get it working, but this proved to be a hurdle a few times for sure. Tailwind CSS was also a pain in the butt for me, and there were a few times where I had to force the CSS normally to get the outcome that I was looking for.
One thing that I am very glad about this project is the number of things that I can add to a resume!
- React
- Wouter
- Tailwind CSS
- Electron
- Git
These are all things that I probably would have gotten anyway, but never in such a rapid fashion. This project was also a great experience into what it looks like to develop with a team. Learning how to communicate around code, and resolve issues on git was a great experience and I am very glad for it.